i moved on saturday i moved all the big things out of my apartment (except for the dining table, which i will give to goodwill or something and i need to fix the leg first because that's kinda dangerous, also because a table with four legs should have all of its legs attached). i had anthony and anna help me move. this whole decision-making process happened in the course of two weeks. i wasn't really thinking about moving apartments -- i was thinking that i would stay in cleveland for six more months, sure, but not moving -- but then i talked to yanu and offered for her to come to cleveland. then i realized ray's place would work out really well! and it didn't enter much into my world. not until this past week leading up to move-in, during which the stress hit me like a brick. or like a giant stress ball filled with sand. during moving, and especially after, because during the move you are focused on physical activity and just-getting-that-damn-desk-to-fit-in-the-doorway, the ugh-gotta-move stress left and was replaced with a different affect: i'm leaving my apartment. my safe space. the space that held me while i cried. the space with the couch and the bed. the space with the funky adjustable chandelier. the first space since 2014 that lasted for more than a year. i want to cry. i know that impermanence is the nature of things, but this space was MY space. and it was my SPACE. it was my retreat. my monastery. my sticky note walls, unfinished intentions, all my planned but never realized plans. all the things i realized i probably didn't have the energy for. the place that saw incredible amounts of chocolate cake and ch'king sandwiches. krispy krunchy chicken. my singing at all times of day. the space that i had full control over. i mean sure, bob had his say, but it wasn't like he was my roommate. inside the space, it was all mine. i'm getting so sad just writing about it. so much happened in two years, right? even though i felt like not much happened. it is just absolutely terrifying how quickly the past YEAR has passed. it has been a full year of insomnia. i only worked at foundation for five and a half months (plus my month of disability). it's weird to chunk that time as one full year. now that i think about it, i haven't even been here for two full years. it's one year and nine months, pretty much. (there is a casting crew sitting two tables down from me at the starbucks and they are telling bailey that she just won the role for emma, the second lead, and there were three hundred people who auditioned, and at first they asked bailey if she was seated before she said yes. apparently emma is literally the villain of the story.) anyway. that's my story. i'm leaving. there is one unfinished business remaining: i want to synthesize My Time In Cle. i don't know what's going to come out of it, but that's okay. form does not need to be decided this early on. part of me is sad because i could have done this earlier, before leaving the apartment. it would be good to be in my space while i go through my notes, drawings, videos, pics, and voice memos, to relive and re-embody the moments. i know i could still do that in the next two weeks, but that is quite the time crunch. but it's okay. this is a project, but it is not everything or an end. and though my kamma conditions me to believe that the content of this project must be confined to the my-time-in-cle boundaries, and to the next two weeks, this is not necessarily true. yes, i would be losing out by letting it stretch and become amorphous, extending it over months or even years. and it's even valid to not want that losing. i don't need to force myself to acknowledge loss & impermanence. that is counterproductive, if anything. what i can do is set some baselines, set priority, and let myself fall into this project over the next couple weeks. so i'm going to do that. finally, acknowledge: even the fact that i did this write-up is amazing.

[[my time in cle]]   [[creations]]   [[reflections]]   [[life changes]]